So, let's talk about Consolidated Billing
for AWS Organization.
So, when you enable this setting,
this provides you two things.
Number one, and I'll describe it in a second.
It gives you the combined usage,
that means that you can combine all the usage
of all accounts together to do two things.
Number one, you're going to share the volume pricing.
For example, in Amazon history,
if you go over maybe five terabytes of data,
then the next service is going to be cheaper.
Well, obviously if you combine
all your accounts together,
if every account is using one terabyte of data
and you have six accounts,
then altogether they will be benefiting
from the discount pricing.
So, the combined usage is very important,
and also,
there are some Reserved Instances
or Savings Plan discounts on one account.
They can be shared across all accounts
again to maximize the discounts
and the savings,
and I will show you how in a second.
The other advantage that it gives you,
One Bill.
So, get one bill for all the accounts
in the organization,
which really can help
your accounting departments
and allow you not to be restricted
in how many accounts you can create for AWS.
So, let's take an example of
Reserved Instance Sharing.
So we have an organization with two accounts
and in the first one, account A,
there is no Reserved Instances,
and account B,
there are five reserved EC2 instances.
Now, let's assume that we are within one AZ
because Reserve Instances are at the AZ level
and we have nine EC2 instances.
As you can see,
three are launched in account B,
and six are launched in account A.
Now, what is going to happen?
Well,
if we have five EC2 Reserved Instances on account B,
then the three EC2 instances
obviously are going to be reserved,
but because we have enabled Reserved Instances sharing,
then two instances in account A
will also benefit from Reserved Instances pricing
and therefore rebuking cost savings.
So, at the end of the day,
we have five Reserved Instances
and four not Reserved Instances in this use case
even though Susan in account B
only launched three EC2 instances
out of the five that were reserved.
Okay?
So, you really need to understand this
because the exam will test you on the shared volume pricing,
so shared volume discounts
and how to share and what it means
to share Reserved Instances,
and finally, the Reserved Instances discount sharing
can be turned off for any accounts in the organization,
including the management accounts,
the main accounts of your organization.
Okay.
That's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.